Accorda is a radio-age world comparable in development to the 1910s on Earth. It is currently experiencing a technological boom in the wake of a global war, during which advances in the practice of magic nearly wiped it off the face of the universe. 

Accorda is orbited by the impostor moon [[The Impostor Moon|Ibbras]] whose unprompted appearance in orbit several thousand years ago precipitated a cataclysmic shift in natural law on the planet below, lifting the practice of magic beyond the purview of high-energy physics and drastically altered states of mind. Ibbras' influence, whether natural or driven by some intention, has served to shield Accorda from [[Hastur]]'s influence for several thousand years - long enough that [[Carcosa]], known here as "The Vagabond," has become a known and documented fixture of the Accordan night sky. The Vagabond's wandering across the firmament have inspired its inclusion in the canon of many local religions as a spirit or minor god, a significance which Hastur has been carefully exploiting to subvert Ibbras' influence.

Accorda is littered with the remains of prelapsarian civilizations wiped out by the arrival of Ibbras. Many of the relics left behind were designed for a set of different physical laws and are inoperable, but some technologies developed after the moon's arrival retain some fraction of functionality and are extremely valuable. Such is the case with the [[Abora Superstructure]], a massive complex built inside a dormant volcano shaft which stretches deep into the earth. The discovery of this trove of prelapsarian relics during the war prompted the foundation of the Free City of [[Nadabaixo]], a boom town drawing adventurers, scavengers, and scholars from all over the world to the carcass of Abora.